---
title: To my greatest adventure yet
date: 2021-09-23
permalink: /blog/pilot/
layout: post
author: Ali Hariri
read-time: 2-minute
excerpt: In each and every one of us, there is a universe waiting (and perhaps yearning) to be discovered. It's an inherent human trait. We need to be recognised, and to feel visible and appreciated. So, here I am, opening
---

If you know me, you have probably figured out that I'm a lowkey person. I don't like to draw attention and I mostly keep my opinions and thoughts to myself. Sharing about myself outside of my small social circle is uncomfortable and opening myself up to others is extremely difficult. Obviously, I'm taking a step out of my comfort zone and trying to change here though.

This was inspired by "[Die Empty](https://www.goodreads.com/en/book/show/16158560)", a book by Todd Henry that I have recently read. Although the book is generally boring (sorry, Todd!), the main message is quite interesting. It can be summed up in the following quote:
> In the graveyard are buried all of the unwritten novels, never-launched businesses, unreconciled relationships, and all of the other things that people thought, "I'll get around to that tomorrow." One day, however, their tomorrows ran out.

Hence the title: "Die Empty".

We are all full of unique ideas, thoughts and beliefs, and we should not let them die with us. We should rather rush into letting the contents of our minds out "with a sense of urgency" as the author put it. Otherwise, our limited number of tomorrows may run out, and our unique existence may remain forever unnoticed.

In each and every one of us, there is a universe waiting — and perhaps yearning — to be discovered. It's an inherent human trait. We need to be recognised. To feel visible and appreciated. So, here I am, opening my universe up to the world, and I encourage you to do the same, because you never know, someday, somewhere, someone might read your content and feel a little less lonely.

In this blog, I will mostly share technical posts, but I also plan to occasionally share some random thoughts, so keep an eye out if interested.

<div class="video-container">
<iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Sy1qvxrL-Sc?si=eqSloRH_QofSID51" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>